I'm Sebastian and I'm Marcus from
ryerson Med Soccer and since we're in
our offseason we're pretty bored so
we're gonna make an instructional video
on how to make the Ryerson men's soccer
team
step one you got to have basic soccer
skills let's play on this team dr. Ivan
Joseph is a very demanding coach so when
you teaching you stuff you can't be
kicking the ball all over the place
stuff like that you gotta be able bring
it down have control and play the game
Prabhu
step 2 you got to practice water stage-
are seriou minute sometimes very
difficult knowledge I said hey there's a
bug and well coach says my head reason
you worked you want to work a little bit
on headers bro I got an exam in two
hours come on you were balling your
heads
yeah enough with the studying this place
of soccer all the way
step 3 you've got to be comfortable with
your sexuality Gosselin team very close
sometimes things get a little
touchy-feely a little hug they're soft
on the butt there but you got to realize
that we're all just one big family and
that kind of stuff happens
step forward you got to be good with
girls now that we're working out four
times a week we start developing this
sexy physique and along with the sexy
busy you need a good person out and go
with it now that we have all these girls
coming to our soccer games we need to
show our sensual and sensitive side
I hope you enjoyed our instructional
video on how to make the Ryerson that
soccer team
tell your keys just follow these four
fundamental key aspects that you need to
make the team should be no problem and
we'll see in the preseason